Adding first 5 sections to managing devices section (#2965)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/con-edge-manager-labels.adoc

[id="edge-manager-labels"]

= Labels and label selectors

You can organize your devices by assigning them labels, for example, to record their location, hardware type, or purpose.
The {RedHatEdge} labels follow the same syntax, principles, and operators as Kubernetes labels and label selectors.
You can select devices with labels when viewing the device inventory or applying operations to the devices.

> Labels follow the `key=value` format, where you want to use the key to group devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels follow the `key=value` format. You can use the key to group devices.
```

For example, if your labels follow the `site=<location>` naming convention, you can group your devices by site.
You can also use labels that only consist of keys.

Labels must adhere to the following rules to be valid:

* Keys and value must each be 63 characters or less.
* Keys and values can consist of alphanumeric characters (`a-z`, `A-Z`, `0-9`).
* Keys and values can also contain dashes (`-`), underscores (`_`), dots (`.`) but not as the first or last character.
* Value can be omitted.

You can apply labels to devices in the following ways:

* Define a set of default labels during image building that are automatically applied to all devices during deployment.
* Assign initial labels during enrollment.
* Assign labels post-enrollment.

> When devices are labeled, you can select a subset of devices by writing a label selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When devices are labeled, you can select a subset of devices by creating a label selector.
```

A label selector is a comma-separated list of labels for selecting devices that have the same set of labels.

See the following examples:

|====
|Example label selector |Selected devices

|`site=factory-berlin`|All devices with a `site` label key  and a `factory-berlin` label value. 
|`site!=factory-berlin`|All devices with a `site` label key but where the label value is not `factory-berlin`. 
|`site in (factory-berlin,factory-madrid)`|All devices with a `site` label key and where the label value is either `factory-berlin` or `factory-madrid`.
|====

> For more information about labels and selectors, see link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/[Labels and Selectors].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about labels and selectors, see link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/[Labels and Selectors] in the Kubernetes documentation.
```
